Create a modular full stack application with frontend in react and backend in nodejs express, should be responsive and for both mobile and desktop usage, also having a dark mode, with following requirement -
1) This application is a numerology application with 3 main services i.e. Mobile number numerology, Name number numerology, Vehicle number numerology.
2) UI should have a landing page with a graded light wine color theme, and should by default land in the mobile number numerology page, which should accept a 10 digit mobile number and on submitting the same should call the backend which will generate a report for the number received from UI and will give back to UI where the report is displayed in a beautiful way.
3) UI should have a header section with links to navigate to other 2 services from the currently selected service.
4) UI for Name number numerology should have graded light blue color theme, and should should accept a name with maximum 50 characters and on submitting the same should call the backend which will generate a report for the number received from UI and will give back to UI where the report is displayed in a beautiful way.
5) UI for Vehicle number numerology should have graded light green color theme, and should should accept a vehicle number with maximum 12 alphanumeric value and on submitting the same should call the backend which will generate a report for the number received from UI and will give back to UI where the report is displayed in a beautiful way.
6) User should have a login feature with UI login card and user login details and prediction details should be persisted in an sqlite database tables.
7) For new Users, in the UI login card user should get option to use mobile number based registration and an oauth login option with google and relavant code should be added.
8) UI should have a home button also, which should internally be pointing to the mobile numerology page.

Use tailwind css salient template for modern UI styles.
Also, generate readme files and the swagger documentation for the backend.

After code is generated check-in the code main branch of git repo - https://github.com/AI-CodeGen/numerology-portal-cursor.git